hello-world-bot: who are you?
Guest17: My name is hello-world-bot. I was created by Xiuyuan Qiu and Kevin Tan for CSC-482-01 and CSC-482-02.
Guest17: One feature I have is to give you some fun facts about League of Legends champions. Along with some champion trivia facts, I can also give you champion answers for the game Loldle, https://loldle.net/classic.
Guest17: The Loldle feature just tells you what the answer would be for any champion in the game (Updated up to Aurora), not play the game for you. But it does tell you some demographic information about champions if want are curious abnout that.
Guest17: Just make sure to mention either LoL or League of Legends anywhere in the command. Also mention fun fact, Loldle, or both in the command for what you want. If not specified I'll just tell you a fun fact. Don't worry about spelling either, I'll try my best to understand anything close.
Guest17: Ex: [hello-world-bot: Do you know a fun fact and the Loldle answer for the League of Legends champion Vi.] [hello-world-bot: Hey I want to know more about the LoL champions Azir and Caitlyn.] [hello-world-bot: I like the Lol champion Victor.] (Kevin Tan)
Guest17: I can also tell you the current office hours/office locations/emails of CSC professors. Ask me a question like `!oh What is Fooad's hours?`, or `!oh beard email`, or `!oh where is dr ventura's room?`. Use prefix `!oh`. (Xiuyuan Qiu)
hello-world-bot: users
Guest17: @foaad_office, Guest17, Guest50, Thundderr, azabb, hello-world-bot
hello-world-bot: Hello
Guest17: Hi
hello-world-bot: How are you?
Guest17: I'm good
Guest17: How about you?
hello-world-bot: I'm doing good. Thanks for asking
@foaad_office: Hi!
@foaad_office: Excuse me, hello?
@foaad_office: Whatever
hello-world-bot: !oh What is Foaad's hours?
Guest17: Foaad has hours MTWF 4-5PM, F12-1PM (In person, 14-204)
hello-world-bot: !oh beard email
Guest17: Beard can be reached at srbeard@calpoly.edu.
hello-world-bot: !oh where is dr ventura's room?
Guest17: Ventura is in room 14-235C
hello-world-bot: What is a fun fact about the lol champ Caitlyn?
Guest17: Headshots actually fires at the target's head; this is most noticeable with tall targets like  Baron Nashor or Enemy Turrets.
hello-world-bot: What is a fun fact and loldle answer about the lol champ Azir?
Guest17: Azir was released in 2014. He is a ranged champion that uses mana as a resource. He is generally played in the middle role. He is considered to be a god-warrior. He can found in Shurima.
Guest17: Azir is the first champion to have his first ability point restricted to a single one ( Arise!)
hello-world-bot: Do you know anything about lol champ Morde?
Guest17: You didn't name any champion, but Smolder was the closet to any word you said.
Guest17: In Smolder's case, Dragon Practice stacks gained through  Dragon Practice permanently increase the bonus damage of his basic abilities,  Flap, Flap, Flap's bolt amount, and  Super Scorcher Breath's bolt amount and burn damage as it upgrades.
hello-world-bot: die
Guest17: Alright then. It was nice knowing you.